hi this is david from geek annoyed scott
UK and today i'm going to be bringing
you a review of this macro lens from
Tokina the hundred millimeter ATX pro
check out my review after this break
[Music]
welcome back this is the Tokina AF 100
millimeter ATX pro macro lens it's
available in either a canon or nikon
mount i've been testing this particular
lens on my neck on d90 one of the
features I want to point out on this
lens is the focus ring it actually
slides up and down to activate auto
focus or manual focus now this is a
really nice feature because if you're
taking a photo of an insect and you
finding that your auto focus is hunting
a little and not locking on to the
subject rather than lose that shot you
can just slide down the focus ring and
then manually focus your shot there's
also a focus limiter on the side there
and you also got a window on the front
for your various focus information now
the ATX Pro is a really really well
constructed lens
it offers a maximum aperture of f28 and
can focus down as close as 30
centimeters with a macro ratio of one to
one now I've been using this with a
Nikon d90 and I've found that it's
performed very well it certainly isn't
the fastest lens in the world but it's
no slowcoach either it retails around
about the 450 pound mark and the UK
distributor is King Rho so if you need
to fully information on this lens head
on over to Ken road you came to the
geeky noids website I'll also be posting
some sample images taken with the lens
well thanks very much for listening come
back soon and check out more video
reviews on geek annoyed Scott UK
[Music]
this video review is sponsored by pro
porter comm who design and manufacture a
whole host of accessories for your
mobile devices including PDAs and
smartphones mp3 players and iPods
laptops gps devices and gaming units
[Music]